c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\KatanaIntro.exe.config
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\KatanaIntro.exe
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\KatanaIntro.pdb
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\obj\Debug\KatanaIntro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\obj\Debug\KatanaIntro.exe
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\obj\Debug\KatanaIntro.pdb
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shane.kmiecik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebSecurityOverview\KatanaIntro\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
